12voicechorus.wav:	0 errors in performance
2waysplicer.wav:	0 errors in performance
4waysplicer.wav:	0 errors in performance
808hihat.wav:	0 errors in performance
adsr-exp.wav:	0 errors in performance
adsr-lin.wav:	0 errors in performance
analogecho.wav:	0 errors in performance
animator.wav:	0 errors in performance
barberpole.wav:	0 errors in performance
boombox.wav:	0 errors in performance
buzz.wav:	0 errors in performance
chant.wav:	0 errors in performance
circularpan.wav:	0 errors in performance
comparator.wav:	0 errors in performance
crossfade.wav:	0 errors in performance
decimator.wav:	0 errors in performance
divider.wav:	0 errors in performance
duy-shape.wav:	0 errors in performance
dynamics.wav:	0 errors in performance
ensemble.wav:	0 errors in performance
envelopecopy.wav:	0 errors in performance
envfilter.wav:	0 errors in performance
filterbank.wav:	0 errors in performance
flanger.wav:	0 errors in performance
flangerx.wav:	0 errors in performance
fm.wav:	0 errors in performance
fm-synth.wav:	0 errors in performance
freqshift.wav:	0 errors in performance
function.wav:	0 errors in performance
gates.wav:	0 errors in performance
harmonics.wav:	0 errors in performance
harmoniser.wav:	0 errors in performance
hyperflanger.wav:	0 errors in performance
interpolator.wav:	0 errors in performance
logic.wav:	0 errors in performance
lorenzchorus.wav:	2 errors in performance
multifx1.wav:	1 errors in performance
multitap.wav:	0 errors in performance
mutator.wav:	0 errors in performance
noisesweep.wav:	0 errors in performance
noisyosc.wav:	0 errors in performance
nonlinear.wav:	0 errors in performance
panningdelay.wav:	0 errors in performance
pingpong.wav:	3 errors in performance
power.wav:	0 errors in performance
rectifilter.wav:	0 errors in performance
re-envelope.wav:	0 errors in performance
resonators.wav:	0 errors in performance
rhythmgate.wav:	0 errors in performance
ringmod.wav:	0 errors in performance
rnddelete.wav:	0 errors in performance
rndharm.wav:	0 errors in performance
rndinvert.wav:	0 errors in performance
rndrampchorus.wav:	0 errors in performance
rndsample.wav:	0 errors in performance
samplehold.wav:	0 errors in performance
samplescan.wav:	1 errors in performance
sampleterrain.wav:	0 errors in performance
scanner.wav:	0 errors in performance
sequencer.wav:	0 errors in performance
shear.wav:	0 errors in performance
shuffler.wav:	0 errors in performance
slewlimiter.wav:	0 errors in performance
slicer.wav:	0 errors in performance
soprano.wav:	0 errors in performance
spatialpan.wav:	0 errors in performance
stepflanger.wav:	0 errors in performance
stepreson.wav:	0 errors in performance
stepwave.wav:	1 errors in performance
stereodelay.wav:	0 errors in performance
stop.wav:	0 errors in performance
suboctave.wav:	0 errors in performance
synth.wav:	0 errors in performance
test.wav:	0 errors in performance
thruzero.wav:	3 errors in performance
valve.wav:	0 errors in performance
vco-pulse.wav:	0 errors in performance
vco-ramp.wav:	0 errors in performance
vcs3.wav:	vectormix.wav:	1 errors in performance
voicebox.wav:	0 errors in performance
waveosc.wav:	0 errors in performance
waveshaper1.wav:	0 errors in performance
waveshaper2.wav:	width.wav:	5 errors in performance
wierd1.wav:	0 errors in performance
