TRAPPED in CONVERT is a "Sonic Mobile."  In it, colorful
"sound objects" are blown about.  As the piece unfolds,
these "objects" evolve, grow, transform, and combine to
evoke magical images and haunting soundscapes which flash
into view and quickly dissolve away. Since its premiere at
MIT's Kresge Auditorium in 1979, "Trapped" has received
many concert and radio performances.  Perhaps, the most
notable performance was in 1982 at the Lincoln Center's
Alice Tully Hall.

TRAPPED IN CONVERT (1979 rev. 1986, 1989, 1996) was composed
on a DEC pdp11-55 computer at the MIT Experimental Music
Studio in the summer of 1979 using Barry Vercoe's music11
software synthesis language.  In the summer of 1986, Vercoe
rewrote his program in the "C" programming language and
renamed it Csound. At that time, he invited me to redo my
piece in his new language which was running on a VAX 11-780
computer at M.I.T.'s newly opened "Media Lab." 	The 1989
version represents a technological milestone. Whereas the
previous versions of "Trapped" were created on huge and
expensive mainframe computers, this version was recreated
on a standard IBM AT personal computer using Micro
Technology Unlimited's DIGISOUND-16 digital to analog
converters.  At the time The Micro Technology Unlimited
system provided the free-lance sound designer and composer
state of the art digital audio, and an incredibly
comprehensive set of synthesis tools via their MS-DOS
implementation of Barry Vercoe's Csound program - all for
the price of a single professional quality commercial
synthesizer.  In 1996, "Trapped" was finally completed.
These now classic instrument designs were explored in
real-time using the DSP-based version of Csound which
Vercoe had developed for Analog Devices, Inc.  Not
surprisingly, real-time access to all the instrument
parameters revealed a new set of hidden colors and
textures.

RICHARD BOULANGER (b.1956) holds a Ph.D.in Computer Music
from the University of California, San Diego.  Active as a
composer and performer, Boulanger's works have been played
and broadcast in Moscow, Japan, Australia, Canada,
throughout Eastern and Western Europe, and all over the
United States.  His music is recorded on the NEUMA label. 
He has received many awards and honors including a
Fulbright. In composition his principal teachers have been
Hugo Norden, Joji Yuasa and Roger Reynolds.  In computer
music, he has collaborated extensively with Barry Vercoe
and Max Mathews.  Currently Boulanger is a Professor of
Music Synthesis at the Berklee College of Music in Boston.

"For me, music is a medium through which the inner
spiritual essence of all things is revealed and shared.
Compositionally, I am interested in extending the voice  of
the traditional performer through technological means to
produce a music which connects with the past, lives in the
present and speaks to the future.  Educationally, I am
interested in helping students see technology as the most
powerful instrument for the exploration, discovery, and
realization of their essential musical nature - their inner
voice."


